hello everyone this video is about the
three new level 85 gloves it were
released with the world wakes quest and
they're the other three types 14 majors
1 familiars and one for Rangers the one
shown here are the pneumatic gloves
which are the melee set and all three
cloves give exactly the same stats
except for different combat styles as
most things in the UC do they have a
different combat style equivalents at
the same level so that makes sense the
gloves themselves are obtained as
dropped from the atomic ons that you can
fight after finishing the quest and any
type of otamatone can drop any type of
gloves which is probably good choice you
don't have people camping just one type
of them these ones shown here are the
static gloves which are the made ones
and they look like they'd go quite well
with virtus although I'm inver decided
to UM gloves already so I suppose it
isn't the only thing that I can go with
and then this last set here are the
tracking gloves and their Ranger ones of
course I'm not really sure what's that
they go they don't really look like
pernix color at all so maybe future rain
gear hopefully or maybe they're just
gloves on their own but anyway in terms
of stats the next best gloves are either
via the Dominion Tower gloves the
Goliath gloves the Swift gloves or the
spellcaster gloves or the next gloves
which are also level 80 so to compare
between those three different types of
gloves the Dominion Tarot gloves give
240 live bonus and 152 armor rating the
next gloves give 240 life owners 152
armor rating but they also give 7 damage
and if you have to set then you get the
side effect and then these new gloves
give 194 armor rating and 255 live bonus
and so they are definitely the best
clubs in the game besides the damage
bonus 7 damage is not terribly
significant but if you were wearing a
full next set it would be worthwhile to
have the gloves for that I suppose the
problem with gloves those that they just
don't give all that much of a bonus in
general so it's not really important to
have the best type of gloves but if you
want the best of everything then yeah go
for these they give the best defense in
the glove slot and the highest life
point bonus so um yeah that's relate to
this video just a little quick one and
thanks to Carden for modeling the items
for me so I hope you found this video
informative and thanks for watching
you